Why Learn English?

Jin Lee has studied English for a long
time. Read the story and find out:
How does he feel about learning English?


I am a fourth-year student at a good university in Korea. I will
graduate in four months and take a job with a company in a small
town near Seoul. I have spent almost 10 years learning English.
And let me tell you, it has been a waste of time.
To begin with, I will probably never use English in my
work. My job will be with a taxi company. Everyone speaks Korean.
The owner of the company is Korean and all of the employees are
Korean, too. The taxi drivers themselves do not need to speak
English because there are very few foreign visitors in our small town.
I don't need English in my free time, either. If I want to read
about what is happening in foreign countries, I can read Korean
newspapers and magazines. I can learn all about other countries
by reading in my native language, not English.
And of course all the television stations carry international
stories, so I don't have to watch the news in English in order to
understand what is happening all over the world.

I think of the many hours, days, weeks, even years that I
spent in school and at home studying English. Just think of what
else I could have studied instead of English. I could have studied
more history, so that I could understand my country better. Or I
could have read more literature, to help me understand the great
writers of my country.
Instead, I spent so much time studying English. And for
what reason? So I could pass examinations? What a terrible waste
of time. I really can't understand why people need to study
English for so many years.

WHAT DO YOU THINK?
• English is the most important interna-
tional language. We should all study it until
we're good at it, even if it takes several years.
Which opinions do you agree with?
Check as many as you want.
• If you need English for work or travel,
you should learn it. But not everybody
needs to learn it-for a lot of people, it's
just a waste of time and energy.
You may think you don't
need English now, but who
knows? You might need it in
the future. So, it's better to
be prepared.
• I think learning a foreign lan-
guage is very important. But it
doesn't have to be English. Other
languages are important, too,
especially the languages of neigh-
boring countries.
• We should study English
but not for so long. The peo-
ple who really need it can con-
tinue to study it if they want.


LOOKING AT THE ISSUE
Here are some reasons for learning English.
Can you think of an argument against each reason?
For
If you know English, you can travel anywhere.
Against
Not really. There are many places where
English is not used
You can watch American movies.
English is the language for computers.
You can get a good job.
You can have international friends.
your idea: